good afternoon Chef Ramsay I mean I
would come on oh yeah bless you thank
you
we're gonna give you I'll go for the
patty melt the turkey please patty melt
okay and then I'm fascinated which I've
never come across before mogudu Phil
please
it's like it's like a stir fry mixed
vegetable stir-fry with up with black
bean sauce a little bit spicy
I know finish over the blackened salmon
thank you brilliant all right get it
Wow monitor food photo sexy only way I
can underwater man what hey what's the
dog's name please Thompson no kiddie
turkey Patty Mills to keep ask around
absolutely girl you like
what is he eating right now he's looking
like he's picking through it like it's
dog [ __ ]
turkey melts my god mr. eshton prides
herself on being healthy
look healthy that is dry they are
disgusting
come here look smell toast there you go
he'll be more tubs yeah buddy he's
feeding the tricky pedals of the dog
dude I saw him feeding the burger to the
dog first I'm so glad the dog agent Joe
spoke LAX's I thought I have to talk
doesn't eat this burger we're [ __ ]
this year is a emo Budo fool oh come on
this is a joke he doesn't I didn't know
how to do for me [ __ ] in Chinese that's
for sure he's looking loves redhead he's
Lebanese repent rice couch to hell and
I'm stuck hey let's enter LaBrea doofah
oh come on bat is shocking my god
that's working
that's what he was ripping apart oh
that's horrible
maybe he can get through to Dean about
the food smell it you can taste it you
talked and this is the salmon here
blackened salmon blackened salmon Epson
okay very black
is drive and it tastes way too fishy
person like it's been in a refrigeration
unit that's not even properly cool
disgusting god the food is man